Create Setting-CPI-Requirements-CBRS-Installations.md (#902)
helium/HIP: Setting-CPI-Requirements-CBRS-Installations.md

> # Setting-CPI-Requirements-CBRS-Installations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# HIP XXX: Setting CPI Requirements for CBRS Installations
```

> - Author(s): @mrfizzy99
> - Start Date: 2024/02/07
> - Category: Technical
> - Original HIP PR: <!-- leave this empty; maintainer will fill in ID of this pull request -->
> - Tracking Issue: <!-- leave this empty; maintainer will create a discussion issue -->
> - Vote Requirements: Current veMOBILE Holders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Author(s): [@mrfizzy99](https://github.com/mrfizzy99)
- Start Date: 2024-02-07
- Category: Economic, Technical
- Original HIP PR: <!-- leave this empty; maintainer will fill in ID of this pull request -->
- Tracking Issue: <!-- leave this empty; maintainer will create a discussion issue -->
- Vote Requirements: veMOBILE Holders
```
